Congratulations. You made it to the end of the lesson.
To recap, you first gained
a broad overview of 3D medical imaging in the clinical contexts,
getting an idea about what the images are, who uses them,
why they would use them,
several clinical contexts in which they're used,
and a little bit about clinical decision-making.
That is how these images are used to influence treatment.
Of course, Ivan.
Yeah, then we have discussed some of
the physical principles that underlie the operation of CT and MRI scanners.
We talked where does the pixels in those images come from and we've talked about
some of the 3D image and tasks that any professionals run into,
and you most likely will run into this course and other AI explorations.
We had a lot of fun preparing this course for you.
We hope that you enjoyed this lesson.
In the next lesson, we're going to talk about
the exploratory data analysis of 3D medical imaging datasets.
Thank you for being with us.